Ahora está, cuando quieres hablar con una
persona acerca de algo, por ejemplo, ¿qué
piensas acerca del dinero?
What do you think about money?
So, ¿qué piensas acerca de?
Esa es la frase clave.
What do you think about?
Dilo conmigo.
What do you think about you?
Excellent, again, otra vez.
What do you think about?
Pretty good, great.
So, example, what do you think about
money? ¿
Qué piensas acerca del dinero?
What do you think about money?
Respuesta, answer, I think money is important.
I think, yo pienso, ojo, me preguntaron
what do you think, yo respondo con I
think, ojo th, I think money is important.
Conmigo, I think money is important, th y
k, I think money is important.
You, pretty good, excellent, again, I
think money is important, pretty good,
ojo con eso, decimos important, no
important, ¿listo?
Important, important, pretty good.